README.md, before:

# hexo-generator-index-pin-top-sort-by-updated-time

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo-generator-index.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo-generator-index)  [![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/hexo-generator-index.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/hexo-generator-index) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/hexojs/hexo-generator-index.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/hexojs/hexo-generator-index?branch=master)

Index generator for Hexo. (pin top version, but posts are sorted by updated time)

## Installation

``` bash
$ npm uninstall hexo-generator-index --save
$ npm install hexo-generator-index-pin-top-sort-by-updated-time --save
```

## Feautres
This version supports pin-top feature, you can add the `top: True` field to post's front-matter to pin it.

## Options
Add or modify the following section to your root _config.yml file

``` yaml
index_generator:
  path: ''
  per_page: 10
  order_by: -date
```

- **path**: Root path for your blogs index page. (default = '')
- **per_page**: Posts displayed per page. (0 = disable pagination)
- **order_by**: Posts order. (Order by date descending by default)

## License

MIT

[Hexo]: http://hexo.io/

Commit message:

fix posts' order which are sticked to top

README.md, after:

# hexo-generator-index-pin-top-plus

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo-generator-index.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hexojs/hexo-generator-index)  [![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/hexo-generator-index.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/hexo-generator-index) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/hexojs/hexo-generator-index.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/hexojs/hexo-generator-index?branch=master)

Index generator for Hexo. (pin top version, but normal posts are sorted by updated time, and posts which are sticked to top are sorted in ascending order by number)

## Installation

``` bash
$ npm uninstall hexo-generator-index --save
$ npm install hexo-generator-index-pin-top-plus --save
```

## Feautres
This version supports pin-top feature, you can add the `top: True` field to post's front-matter to pin it.

## Options
Add or modify the following section to your root _config.yml file

``` yaml
index_generator:
  path: ''
  per_page: 10
  order_by: -date
```

- **path**: Root path for your blogs index page. (default = '')
- **per_page**: Posts displayed per page. (0 = disable pagination)
- **order_by**: Posts order. (Order by date descending by default)

## License

MIT

[Hexo]: http://hexo.io/
